README.md, before:

<div align="center">

<img src="https://moebiusordernewsalternate.netlify.app/data/images/b2/banner.png" alt="MON CS DOCS" width="800"/>

# MON CS DOCS

### Open Computer Science Documentation Data Center

*Comprehensive CS Theory Documentation — Beyond Code, Into Understanding*

[![License: CC BY-SA 4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY--SA%204.0-lightgrey.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)
[![Platform Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Platform%20Status-Live-brightgreen)](https://status.moebiusorder.com)
[![Managed by Moebius Order](https://img.shields.io/badge/Managed%20by-Moebius%20Order-blue)](https://www.moebiusorder.com)
[![Community](https://img.shields.io/badge/Community-Join%20Us-green)](https://t.me/moncsdocs)

[Website](https://mcdocs.moebiusorder.com) • [License](https://mcsdocs.moebiusorder.com/g/license) • [Community](https://t.me/moncsdocs) • [Donate](https://mcdocs.moebiusorder.com/donate)

</div>

---

## Project Overview

**MON CS DOCS** is an open-source, community-driven Computer Science documentation platform that emphasizes **theoretical foundations** over code tutorials. We believe understanding *why* systems work is as important as knowing *how* to implement them.

### Mission Statement

To build accessible, high-quality Computer Science documentation that bridges the gap between academic theory and practical engineering — free from advertisements, paywalls, and commercial bias.

### Target Audience

- **Students**: From high school (NCERT curriculum) to university-level CS courses
- **Engineers**: Software developers seeking deeper theoretical understanding
- **Researchers**: Academic professionals requiring comprehensive reference materials
- **Self-learners**: Anyone passionate about Computer Science fundamentals

### Management

This project is managed and maintained by **[Moebius Order](https://www.moebiusorder.com)**, a digital organization committed to open educational resources. While the content is open source, the technical infrastructure and platform are developed and operated by Moebius Order.

---

## Knowledge Pillars

Our documentation is organized into four fundamental pillars of Computer Science:

### Foundational Theory

- **Mathematics for CS**: Discrete mathematics, logic, set theory, graph theory
- **Algorithms & Data Structures**: Complexity analysis, algorithmic paradigms, advanced data structures
- **Computational Theory**: Automata, formal languages, computability, complexity classes
- **Information Theory**: Encoding, compression, cryptography fundamentals

### Hardware & Architecture

- **Digital Logic**: Boolean algebra, combinational and sequential circuits
- **Computer Organization**: CPU architecture, memory hierarchy, instruction sets
- **Embedded Systems**: Microcontrollers, real-time systems, hardware-software interface
- **Performance Engineering**: Optimization techniques, benchmarking, profiling

### Software Paradigms

- **Programming Principles**: Paradigms (procedural, OOP, functional, declarative)
- **Software Engineering**: Design patterns, testing methodologies, SDLC models
- **Compilers & Languages**: Lexical analysis, parsing, code generation, type systems
- **Operating Systems**: Process management, memory management, file systems, concurrency

### Systems & Networking

- **Network Theory**: OSI model, protocols (TCP/IP, HTTP, DNS), network security
- **Distributed Systems**: Consensus algorithms, CAP theorem, distributed databases
- **Database Systems**: Relational theory, normalization, query optimization, NoSQL
- **Security Fundamentals**: Cryptographic protocols, authentication, access control

---

## Project Duality: Open Content, Private Infrastructure

### Open Source Content

All educational content in this repository is licensed under **[CC BY-SA 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)**. You are free to:

- View, download, and use the documentation
- Adapt and remix content for your own projects
- Contribute improvements via Pull Requests
- Fork and create derivative educational materials

> **What you can edit**: Markdown files, documentation content, diagrams, examples, and educational materials.

### Private Engine

> **Important Distinction**: While the *content* is open source, the **Moebius Order platform infrastructure** remains **private and proprietary**.

This includes:

- Web application codebase
- Mobile application source code
- Backend services and APIs
- Proprietary rendering engines
- Internal tooling and automation

This repository serves as the content data center, not the application source code.

### Media Assets

All visual resources (images, diagrams, illustrations, SVGs) are maintained in a separate repository:

**[moncsdocs-media](https://github.com/Moebius-Order/moncsdocs-media)** — Official media assets library for MON CS DOCS.

Media contributions follow the same CC BY-SA 4.0 license with additional contributor warranties and copyright protections. See the media repository LICENSE for details.

---

## Contribution Protocol

We welcome contributions from the global CS community. Your expertise helps make education accessible to everyone.

### How to Contribute

1. **Read the Guidelines**: Check our [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for detailed instructions
2. **Fork & Branch**: Create a feature branch from `main`
3. **Make Changes**: Edit or add documentation following our style guide
4. **Submit PR**: Open a Pull Request with a clear description
5. **Review Process**: Maintainers will review and provide feedback

### Pull Request Requirements

- **Content Quality**: Accurate, well-researched, properly cited
- **Formatting**: Follow Markdown conventions and project style
- **Grammar**: Clear, concise, technically precise English
- **Attribution**: Cite sources for non-original content
- **License Agreement**: By submitting a PR, you agree to license your contribution under CC BY-SA 4.0

### What We're Looking For

- New documentation topics
- Improvements to existing content
- Error corrections and clarifications
- Code examples and practical demonstrations
- Diagrams and visual explanations
- Translations (future roadmap)

### Licensing Consent

> All contributions are automatically licensed under **Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International (CC BY-SA 4.0)**. You must have the legal right to contribute your content under these terms.

---

## Funding & Sponsorship

**MON CS DOCS is completely free** — no ads, no premium tiers, no paywalls.

To sustain and grow this project, we rely on community support.

### How Funds Are Used

| Category | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| **Professional Illustrations** | Commissioning high-quality diagrams and visual aids |
| **Hosting & Infrastructure** | Server costs, CDN, domain registration |
| **Development** | Platform improvements and new features |
| **Content Creation** | Supporting contributors and technical writers |
| **Security & Maintenance** | Ensuring reliability and data integrity |

### Support MON CS DOCS

Click the **Sponsor** button at the top of this repository, or visit:

- **Website Donation Page**: [mcdocs.moebiusorder.com/donate](https://mcdocs.moebiusorder.com/donate)
- **Patreon**: [patreon.com/moebius_order](https://patreon.com/moebius_order)
- **Ko-fi**: [ko-fi.com/moebiusorder](https://ko-fi.com/moebiusorder)
- **Buy Me a Coffee**: [buymeacoffee.com/moebiusorder](https://buymeacoffee.com/moebiusorder)

Every contribution, no matter how small, helps us maintain ad-free, high-quality CS education for everyone.

---

## Community & Support

Join our growing community of learners, educators, and contributors:

- **Telegram Channel**: [t.me/moncsdocs](https://t.me/moncsdocs) — Announcements and updates
- **Telegram Chat**: [t.me/moncsdocschat](https://t.me/moncsdocschat) — Discussion and questions
- **Discord Server**: [discord.gg/yb6XgkhBXU](https://discord.gg/yb6XgkhBXU) — Real-time collaboration
- **Reddit**: [r/moncsdocs](https://www.reddit.com/r/moncsdocs) — Long-form discussions

### Contact

- **Email**: [moncsdocs@moebiusorder.com](mailto:moncsdocs@moebiusorder.com)
- **Website**: [mcdocs.moebiusorder.com](https://mcdocs.moebiusorder.com)
- **Organization**: [github.com/moebius-order](https://github.com/moebius-order)

---

## License & Copyright

### Content License

<div align="center">

[![CC BY-SA 4.0](https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

</div>

The educational content in this repository is licensed under the **[Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)**.

You are free to share and adapt the material with proper attribution, under the same license.

### Copyright Notice

© 2026 **Moebius Order**. Content licensed under CC BY-SA 4.0.

**Trademarks**: "Moebius Order" and "MON CS DOCS" are trademarks of Moebius Order. Unauthorized use of trademarks is prohibited.

For full license terms, see [LICENSE](LICENSE) or visit [mcsdocs.moebiusorder.com/g/license](https://mcsdocs.moebiusorder.com/g/license).

---

## Quick Start

### For Learners

1. Visit [mcdocs.moebiusorder.com](https://mcdocs.moebiusorder.com)
2. Browse topics by Knowledge Pillar
3. Search for specific concepts
4. Join the community for questions

### For Contributors

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/Moebius-Order/moncsdocs.git

# Create a feature branch
cd moncsdocs
git checkout -b feature/your-topic

# Make your changes
# Edit markdown files, add content

# Commit and push
git add .
git commit -m "Add: [Your contribution description]"
git push origin feature/your-topic

# Open a Pull Request on GitHub
```

---

## Repository Structure

```
moncsdocs/
├── .github/
│   ├── FUNDING.yml          # Sponsorship configuration
│   └── workflows/           # CI/CD automation (future)
├── docs/
│   ├── foundations/         # Foundational Theory
│   ├── hardware/            # Hardware & Architecture
│   ├── software/            # Software Paradigms
│   └── systems/             # Systems & Networking
├── CONTRIBUTING.md          # Contribution guidelines
├── LICENSE                  # CC BY-SA 4.0 License
└── README.md               # This file
```

---

## Acknowledgments

MON CS DOCS is made possible by:

- **Contributors**: Developers, educators, and learners worldwide
- **Moebius Order Team**: Platform development and maintenance
- **Community**: Everyone who shares, uses, and improves our documentation
- **Sponsors**: Individuals and organizations supporting open education

---

<div align="center">

**Built with dedication by the global CS community**

Managed by [Moebius Order](https://www.moebiusorder.com) | Licensed under [CC BY-SA 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

<img src="https://moebiusordernewsalternate.netlify.app/data/images/b2/logo.png" alt="MON CS DOCS" width="100"/> | <img src="https://moebiusorder.com/logo.png" alt="Moebius Order" width="100"/>

</div>

Commit message:

Update mathematical notation standards: enforce \( \) and \[ \] only, prohibit $ and $$

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

<img src="https://moebiusordernewsalternate.netlify.app/data/images/b2/banner.png" alt="MON CS DOCS" width="800"/>

# MON CS DOCS

### Open Computer Science Documentation Data Center

*Comprehensive CS Theory Documentation — Beyond Code, Into Understanding*

[![License: CC BY-SA 4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY--SA%204.0-lightgrey.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)
[![Platform Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Platform%20Status-Live-brightgreen)](https://status.moebiusorder.com)
[![Managed by Moebius Order](https://img.shields.io/badge/Managed%20by-Moebius%20Order-blue)](https://www.moebiusorder.com)
[![Community](https://img.shields.io/badge/Community-Join%20Us-green)](https://t.me/moncsdocs)

[Website](https://mcdocs.moebiusorder.com) • [License](https://mcsdocs.moebiusorder.com/g/license) • [Community](https://t.me/moncsdocs) • [Donate](https://mcdocs.moebiusorder.com/donate)

</div>

---

## Project Overview

**MON CS DOCS** is an open-source, community-driven Computer Science documentation platform that emphasizes **theoretical foundations** over code tutorials. We believe understanding *why* systems work is as important as knowing *how* to implement them.

### Mission Statement

To build accessible, high-quality Computer Science documentation that bridges the gap between academic theory and practical engineering — free from advertisements, paywalls, and commercial bias.

### Target Audience

- **Students**: From high school (NCERT curriculum) to university-level CS courses
- **Engineers**: Software developers seeking deeper theoretical understanding
- **Researchers**: Academic professionals requiring comprehensive reference materials
- **Self-learners**: Anyone passionate about Computer Science fundamentals

### Management

This project is managed and maintained by **[Moebius Order](https://www.moebiusorder.com)**, a digital organization committed to open educational resources. While the content is open source, the technical infrastructure and platform are developed and operated by Moebius Order.

---

## Knowledge Pillars

Our documentation is organized into four fundamental pillars of Computer Science:

### Foundational Theory

- **Mathematics for CS**: Discrete mathematics, logic, set theory, graph theory
- **Algorithms & Data Structures**: Complexity analysis, algorithmic paradigms, advanced data structures
- **Computational Theory**: Automata, formal languages, computability, complexity classes
- **Information Theory**: Encoding, compression, cryptography fundamentals

### Hardware & Architecture

- **Digital Logic**: Boolean algebra, combinational and sequential circuits
- **Computer Organization**: CPU architecture, memory hierarchy, instruction sets
- **Embedded Systems**: Microcontrollers, real-time systems, hardware-software interface
- **Performance Engineering**: Optimization techniques, benchmarking, profiling

### Software Paradigms

- **Programming Principles**: Paradigms (procedural, OOP, functional, declarative)
- **Software Engineering**: Design patterns, testing methodologies, SDLC models
- **Compilers & Languages**: Lexical analysis, parsing, code generation, type systems
- **Operating Systems**: Process management, memory management, file systems, concurrency

### Systems & Networking

- **Network Theory**: OSI model, protocols (TCP/IP, HTTP, DNS), network security
- **Distributed Systems**: Consensus algorithms, CAP theorem, distributed databases
- **Database Systems**: Relational theory, normalization, query optimization, NoSQL
- **Security Fundamentals**: Cryptographic protocols, authentication, access control

---

## Project Duality: Open Content, Private Infrastructure

### Open Source Content

All educational content in this repository is licensed under **[CC BY-SA 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)**. You are free to:

- View, download, and use the documentation
- Adapt and remix content for your own projects
- Contribute improvements via Pull Requests
- Fork and create derivative educational materials

> **What you can edit**: Markdown files, documentation content, diagrams, examples, and educational materials.

### Private Engine

> **Important Distinction**: While the *content* is open source, the **Moebius Order platform infrastructure** remains **private and proprietary**.

This includes:

- Web application codebase
- Mobile application source code
- Backend services and APIs
- Proprietary rendering engines
- Internal tooling and automation

This repository serves as the content data center, not the application source code.

### Media Assets

All visual resources (images, diagrams, illustrations, SVGs) are maintained in a separate repository:

**[moncsdocs-media](https://github.com/Moebius-Order/moncsdocs-media)** — Official media assets library for MON CS DOCS.

Media contributions follow the same CC BY-SA 4.0 license with additional contributor warranties and copyright protections. See the media repository LICENSE for details.

---

## Contribution Protocol

We welcome contributions from the global CS community. Your expertise helps make education accessible to everyone.

### How to Contribute

1. **Read the Guidelines**: Check our [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for detailed instructions
2. **Fork & Branch**: Create a feature branch from `main`
3. **Make Changes**: Edit or add documentation following our style guide
4. **Submit PR**: Open a Pull Request with a clear description
5. **Review Process**: Maintainers will review and provide feedback

### Pull Request Requirements

- **Content Quality**: Accurate, well-researched, properly cited
- **Formatting**: Follow Markdown conventions and project style
- **Grammar**: Clear, concise, technically precise English
- **Attribution**: Cite sources for non-original content
- **Mathematical Notation**: Use `\( \)` and `\[ \]` only (never `$` or `$$`)
- **License Agreement**: By submitting a PR, you agree to license your contribution under CC BY-SA 4.0

### What We're Looking For

- New documentation topics
- Improvements to existing content
- Error corrections and clarifications
- Code examples and practical demonstrations
- Diagrams and visual explanations
- Translations (future roadmap)

### Licensing Consent

> All contributions are automatically licensed under **Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International (CC BY-SA 4.0)**. You must have the legal right to contribute your content under these terms.

---

## Funding & Sponsorship

**MON CS DOCS is completely free** — no ads, no premium tiers, no paywalls.

To sustain and grow this project, we rely on community support.

### How Funds Are Used

| Category | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| **Professional Illustrations** | Commissioning high-quality diagrams and visual aids |
| **Hosting & Infrastructure** | Server costs, CDN, domain registration |
| **Development** | Platform improvements and new features |
| **Content Creation** | Supporting contributors and technical writers |
| **Security & Maintenance** | Ensuring reliability and data integrity |

### Support MON CS DOCS

Click the **Sponsor** button at the top of this repository, or visit:

- **Website Donation Page**: [mcdocs.moebiusorder.com/donate](https://mcdocs.moebiusorder.com/donate)
- **Patreon**: [patreon.com/moebius_order](https://patreon.com/moebius_order)
- **Ko-fi**: [ko-fi.com/moebiusorder](https://ko-fi.com/moebiusorder)
- **Buy Me a Coffee**: [buymeacoffee.com/moebiusorder](https://buymeacoffee.com/moebiusorder)

Every contribution, no matter how small, helps us maintain ad-free, high-quality CS education for everyone.

---

## Community & Support

Join our growing community of learners, educators, and contributors:

- **Telegram Channel**: [t.me/moncsdocs](https://t.me/moncsdocs) — Announcements and updates
- **Telegram Chat**: [t.me/moncsdocschat](https://t.me/moncsdocschat) — Discussion and questions
- **Discord Server**: [discord.gg/yb6XgkhBXU](https://discord.gg/yb6XgkhBXU) — Real-time collaboration
- **Reddit**: [r/moncsdocs](https://www.reddit.com/r/moncsdocs) — Long-form discussions

### Contact

- **Email**: [moncsdocs@moebiusorder.com](mailto:moncsdocs@moebiusorder.com)
- **Website**: [mcdocs.moebiusorder.com](https://mcdocs.moebiusorder.com)
- **Organization**: [github.com/moebius-order](https://github.com/moebius-order)

---

## License & Copyright

### Content License

<div align="center">

[![CC BY-SA 4.0](https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

</div>

The educational content in this repository is licensed under the **[Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)**.

You are free to share and adapt the material with proper attribution, under the same license.

### Copyright Notice

© 2026 **Moebius Order**. Content licensed under CC BY-SA 4.0.

**Trademarks**: "Moebius Order" and "MON CS DOCS" are trademarks of Moebius Order. Unauthorized use of trademarks is prohibited.

For full license terms, see [LICENSE](LICENSE) or visit [mcsdocs.moebiusorder.com/g/license](https://mcsdocs.moebiusorder.com/g/license).

---

## Quick Start

### For Learners

1. Visit [mcdocs.moebiusorder.com](https://mcdocs.moebiusorder.com)
2. Browse topics by Knowledge Pillar
3. Search for specific concepts
4. Join the community for questions

### For Contributors

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/Moebius-Order/moncsdocs.git

# Create a feature branch
cd moncsdocs
git checkout -b feature/your-topic

# Make your changes
# Edit markdown files, add content
# IMPORTANT: Use \( \) for inline math, \[ \] for block math (never $ or $$)

# Commit and push
git add .
git commit -m "Add: [Your contribution description]"
git push origin feature/your-topic

# Open a Pull Request on GitHub
```

---

## Repository Structure

```
moncsdocs/
├── .github/
│   ├── FUNDING.yml          # Sponsorship configuration
│   └── workflows/           # CI/CD automation (future)
├── docs/
│   ├── foundations/         # Foundational Theory
│   ├── hardware/            # Hardware & Architecture
│   ├── software/            # Software Paradigms
│   └── systems/             # Systems & Networking
├── CONTRIBUTING.md          # Contribution guidelines
├── LICENSE                  # CC BY-SA 4.0 License
└── README.md               # This file
```

---

## Acknowledgments

MON CS DOCS is made possible by:

- **Contributors**: Developers, educators, and learners worldwide
- **Moebius Order Team**: Platform development and maintenance
- **Community**: Everyone who shares, uses, and improves our documentation
- **Sponsors**: Individuals and organizations supporting open education

---

<div align="center">

**Built with dedication by the global CS community**

Managed by [Moebius Order](https://www.moebiusorder.com) | Licensed under [CC BY-SA 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

<img src="https://moebiusordernewsalternate.netlify.app/data/images/b2/logo.png" alt="MON CS DOCS" width="100"/> | <img src="https://moebiusorder.com/logo.png" alt="Moebius Order" width="100"/>

</div>
